feat: Add documentation for requesting and sharing an encrypted context (#136)
c6o/docs: content/guides/usage/adding-a-context.md

# Adding a Context

You can use the Desktop app to merge (or remove) kubeconfig contexts in your user kubeconfig located at `~/.kube/config`.

> To add a new context, go to the system tray menu under **Contexts** and select **+ Add Context**. A dialog will appear where you can either paste in the YAML for the new context, or you can select a file containing the context.

Reviewer: Thought: when there is a process of steps to follow, I think a list is much easier to read/follow rather than a block of text.

For example:
```suggestion
To add a new context:
1. Open the system tray menu under **Contexts** 
2. Select **+ Add Context**. 
3. A dialogue will appear where you can either:
   a. paste in the YAML for the new context, or you can select a file containing the context.
   b. select a file containing the context
4. Click "Add Context"
```

> When adding a context, it can be either plaintext or *encrypted*. Encrypted contexts can be generated using the Desktop app for securely sharing a context with other users. Learn more about [requesting an encrypted context](/guides/usage/securely-sharing-contexts?id=requesting-a-context), or [generating an encypted context](/guides/usage/securely-sharing-contexts?id=generating-and-sharing-an-encrypted-context). Note that encrypted contexts can also be requested and generated using the CodeZero CLI.

Reviewer: I think secondary notes could help people understand what to focus on as well.

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When adding a context, it can be either plaintext or *encrypted*. Encrypted contexts can be generated using the Desktop app for securely sharing a context with other users. Learn more about [requesting an encrypted context](/guides/usage/securely-sharing-contexts?id=requesting-a-context), or [generating an encypted context](/guides/usage/securely-sharing-contexts?id=generating-and-sharing-an-encrypted-context). Note that encrypted contexts can also be requested and generated using the CodeZero CLI.
```
